feat: scaffolds basic functionality and adds mock tests (#1)
umee-network/liquidator: README.md

# umeeliqd

A basic liquidator tool for Umee's native leverage protocol.

```sh
$ UMEE_LIQUIDATOR_PASSWORD=<KEYRING_PASSPHRASE> umeeliqd --config /path/to/config.toml
```

Uses a toml config file

```toml
[log]
level="info"
format="text"
```

## Install

> To install the umeeliqd binary:
> `make install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the `umeeliqd` binary:

```shell
$ make install
```
```

## Behavior

> When launched, umeeliqd does the following
> - loads a config file from the supplied path
> - gets keyring passwrod from environment variable
> - starts its main loop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When launched, `umeeliqd` performs the following:

- Loads a config file from the supplied path.
- Gets keyring passphrase from an environment variable.
- Starts the main liquidator loop.
```

> The main loop of umeeliqd repeats the following steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main loop of `umeeliqd` repeats the following steps:

```

> - gets a list of eligible liquidation targets (addresses) from umeed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Retrieves a list of eligible liquidation targets (addresses) from the Umee network:
```

> - iterates over each target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Iterates over each target:
```

>   - selects preferred reward and repayment denom present on target
>   - simulates the result of liquidation using umeed `x/leverage` parameters
>   - decides whether or not to attempt the liquidation based on estimated rewards
>   - executes the liquidation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Selects the preferred reward and repayment denom present in the target.
  - Simulates the result of liquidation using `x/leverage` parameters.
  - Decides whether or not to attempt the liquidation based on estimated rewards.
  - Attempts to execute the liquidation.
```

# umeeliqd

A basic liquidator tool for Umee's native leverage protocol.

```sh

> export UMEE_LIQUIDATOR_PASSWORD={keyring_password}
> $ umeeliqd --config {path/to/config.toml}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ UMEE_LIQUIDATOR_PASSWORD=<KEYRING_PASSPHRASE> umeeliqd --config /path/to/config.toml
```

```

Uses a toml config file

```toml
[log]
level="info"

> format="text"

Reviewer: Is this all the configuration file contains? If so, we might just wanna stick with flags.

Author: For now, but we're going to need to put a lot of behavior-governing things (like desired liquidation rewards, transaction size minimums, etc) in there once the real code is in.

Reviewer: Sounds good. And these can be provided via flags right (Just like the price-feeder)?

Author: Right now, config file is the only method since I'm working under the assumption that there will be no way to run the liquidator without one (given its future required fields).

Reviewer: Yes, but we should be able to provide flags for some these such as log level and log format.

Author: I'll ask any remaining questions on our flags/env/file approach to the various configurations (including keyring passphrase) on the call today.
